Update feature-requests.md (#1121)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/research-and-development/product/product-planning/feature-requests.md

## Where are feature requests tracked?

> At Mattermost, we track feature requests in [Productboard](https://portal.productboard.com/mattermost/33-what-matters-to-you). Productboard is an internal tool used for tracking and prioritizing feature reqeusts. Customer-facing teams can add notes to productboard based on [this process](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/research-and-development/product/how-to-guides-for-product/how-to-use-productboard#productboard-insights-also-called-notes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At Mattermost, we track feature requests in [Productboard](https://portal.productboard.com/mattermost/33-what-matters-to-you). Productboard is an internal tool used for tracking and prioritizing feature requests from our community. Customer-facing teams can add notes to productboard based on [this process](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/research-and-development/product/how-to-guides-for-product/how-to-use-productboard#productboard-insights-also-called-notes).
```

> [Uservoice](https://mattermost.uservoice.com/forums/306457-general) was previously used to submit a request or upvote existing requests, this site will be deprecated in early 2023. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Uservoice](https://mattermost.uservoice.com/forums/306457-general) was **previously used** to submit a request or upvote existing requests, this site will be **deprecated** in early 2023. 
```
